
Listing Thumbnail
Digital Crosswalk API - Trial  Info
Sold by: InfutorData 
Deployed on AWS
This API can receive 1 Hashed Email, 1 IP Address, 1 MAID or any combination of these markers as input. It then matches that input against Infutor’s digital identity graph and returns up to 10 additional Hashed Emails, up to 10 IP Address, and up to 10 MAIDs that are linked to the consumer identified by the input signals. The trial version allows for up to 100,000 queries per month.
Show more
View purchase options

Overview

Pricing

Legal

Usage

Similar products
Overview
 Try agent mode
Create proposal
Ask question
Description
Verisk Marketing Solution’s (formerly Infutor) Digital Crosswalk solution uses anonymous digital identities such as hashed emails, Mobile Ad IDs (MAIDs), and IP Addresses to provide additional anonymous digital identity markers for the consumer. By cross-device linking at the individual and household level, you’ll ensure minimal ad duplication to maximize efficiencies for increased ROI. Digital Crosswalk’s cross-device linking also facilitates retargeting efforts so you can build consistent messaging from one mobile device to another.
Terms
This offer allows for up to 100,000 queries per month. Any overage will be billed the following month as a Private Offer through AWS Data Exchange at $10.00 per thousand transactions.
This API can receive 1 Hashed Email, 1 IP Address, 1 MAID or any combination of these markers as input. It then matches that input against Verisk’s digital identity graph and returns up to 10 additional Hashed Emails, up to 10 IP Address, and up to 10 MAIDs that are linked to the consumer identified by the input signals. The trial version allows for up to 100,000 queries per month.
Read more about Digital Crosswalk: Digital Crosswalk Overview 
Use Cases
Outbound: Expand Reach by Accessing Additional Identity Signals
Outbound:: Minimize Ad Duplication
Retargeting: Build Consistent Messaging from One Device to Another
Achieve Higher Conversion Rates and ROI while Prioritizing the Protection of Anonymity
Need Help?
If you have questions about our products, contact us at  partners@infutor.com 
About Verisk Marketing Solutions
Verisk Marketing Solutions, the business unit of Verisk (Nasdaq: VRSK) that provides data solutions to marketers, was formed in 2022 through the integration of Infutor, Jornaya, and Contact State. Combining identity resolution and consumer intelligence solutions with unique insights into in-market behaviors and the highest standards in the industry for data security and privacy, Verisk Marketing Solutions provides differentiated value as a key data partner to CMOs, marketing teams, and publishers. For more information, please visit verisk.com/verisk-marketing-solutions
Support contact email address
Partners@infutor.com 
Support contact URL
https://infutor.com 
Refund policy
Refunds are not offered on this product. For questions or concerns, contact partners@infutor.com 
Show less
Details
Sold by
InfutorData 
Categories
Data Products 
Delivery method
AWS Data Exchange (ADX)
Deployed on AWS
Yes
New
Introducing multi-product solutions
You can now purchase comprehensive solutions tailored to use cases and industries.
Learn more 
Explore multi-product solutions
Multi-product solutions
Pricing
Digital Crosswalk API - Trial  Info
View purchase options
Pricing is based on the duration and terms of your contract with the vendor. This entitles you to a specified quantity of use for the contract duration. If you choose not to renew or replace your contract before it ends, access to these entitlements will expire.
Additional AWS infrastructure costs may apply. Use the AWS Pricing Calculator  to estimate your infrastructure costs.
1-month contract (1)  Info
Dimension
Description
Cost/month
Product Access
Dimension that grants access to the product for subscribers.
$1,000.00
Vendor refund policy
Refunds are not offered on this product. For questions or concerns, contact partners@infutor.com 
